Update README.md file of tinkerbell.org (#1)
tinkerbell/tinkerbell.github.io: README.md

$ docker pull hello-world
$ docker tag hello-world 192.168.1.1/hello-world
$ docker push 192.168.1.1/hello-world
$ docker pull quay.io/tinkerbell/tink-worker:latest

> $ docker tag  quay.io/tinkerbell/tink-worker:latest 192.168.1.1/tink-worker .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ docker tag  quay.io/tinkerbell/tink-worker:latest 192.168.1.1/tink-worker
```

$ docker push 192.168.1.1/tink-worker
```

## Example of creating a Workflow

### Pushing hardware data into database

> 1. Create a file which has hardware data in json format and called as hardware.json just for example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a file which has hardware data in json format, we name it hardware.json in this example.
```

2. Copy this file to `tink_tink-cli_1` container in `/tmp` folder.
3. Get into `tink_tink-cli_1` container.

```
$ docker exec -it tink_tink-cli_1 ash

> /# vi /tmp/hardware.json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/# cat /tmp/hardware.json
```

"name": "xe-0/0/10:0", "type": "data", "hostname": "test"}, {"id": "fcf4f876-f22d-40e6-a3fd-88826bc93a84", "data": {"mac": null, "bond": null}, "name": "xe-1/0/10:0", "type": "data", "hostname": "test"}]}, {"id": "3a112edd-300f-4e64-839b-ae9152925293", "data": {"mac": "0c:c4:7a:81:0b:5f", "bond": "bond0"}, "name": "eth1", "type": "data", "connected_ports": [{"id": "b7bb8ba9-e34d-439b-912b-b9ab0c3189bf", "data": {"mac": null, "bond": null}, "name": "xe-0/0/10:2", "type": "data", "hostname": "test"}, {"id": "35061d64-7b25-4d0b-9e15-164e513149e5", "data": {"mac": null, "bond": null}, "name": "xe-1/0/10:2", "type": "data", "hostname": "test"}]}, {"id": "356d1cf0-498f-46c6-b2e6-d5fdfdd5c5b3", "data": {"mac": "<worker_mac_addr>", "bond": null}, "name": "ipmi0", "type": "ipmi"}], "plan_version_slug": "baremetal_0_01", "preinstalled_operating_system_version": {}}'

> /# tink hardware push "`cat /tmp/hardware.json`"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/# tink hardware push "$(cat /tmp/hardware.json)"
```

/# tink hardware all
```
**Note :** Replace `<worker_mac_addr>` in `/tmp/hardware.json` with the worker's MAC address.

### Creating a workflow
1. Create a template as per the below example and named as sample.tmpl (or whatever you want).
2. Copy this template in `tink_tink-cli_1` container in `/tmp` folder and get into the container.
3. Create `target` as suggested in the following example
4. Create `template`
5. Create `workflow`

```
$ docker exec -it tink_tink-cli_1 ash
/# tink target create '{"targets": {"machine1": {"mac_addr": "&lt;worker_mac_addr&gt;"}}}'

> /# vi /tmp/sample.tmpl

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/# cat /tmp/sample.tmpl
```

  - name: "update_db"
    image: hello-world
    timeout: 50
    on-timeout: "tink_client update-timeout"
    on-failure: "tink_client update-failed"

/# tink template create -n 'template_name' -p /tmp/sample.tmpl
/# tink workflow create -r <target_id> -t <template_id>
```

## 2. Set up Worker Machine

* Hostname - `<unique>`
* Location - <same as provisioner>
* Type - <same as provisioner>
* OS - Custom iPXE

### Server Network
* select 'convert to other network type'
* choose Layer 2 type
* add new VLAN
* interface: eth0
* network: <same as provisioner machine>

> * enable always PXE boot

Reviewer: Can you capitalize the first letter?
